Where's my dog?
Where's my dog? No. No.
Come here. Come here.
Come here, dog. Hello and welcome back
to English from the ground up. My name
is Kenzo and in this video you will Oh,
no.
In this video you will acquire English
naturally by watching, listening, and
following along as I play Minecraft
hardcore.
So far in this series we've survived 196
days. I'm going to open my notebook.
Open.
I have one big goal for this video.
My goal is to expand
my house.
As you can see my house isn't finished
yet. There's no roof up here and I also
want to build a second floor to my
house. But for now it's night time so
let's go to sleep. And now it's day 197.
The sun is coming up.
Let's go outside.
I've updated the supporter wall. I've
added some signs down here. Some of
these people made donations a really
long time ago but I still wanted to add
your names to the wall.
And also some of you have told me which
countries you're from. If you have told
me which country you're from, I've added
your country to your sign. So we've got
Denmark, Italy. We've got two people
from Italy.
Shout out, Italy. We've got Germany,
China.
Up here, we have South Korea.
We've got the Czech Republic, Ukraine.
We've got a lot of different countries
on our supporter wall.
And today, I have one new name to add to
the wall. We've got Nathan. For Nathan,
I need
some bookshelves.
So, I need to go back and get some
bookshelves.
Back to the home.
There we go. I made a bookshelf, and
I'll make one more bookshelf.
There we go. Two bookshelves.
Back to the wall.
The supporter wall. I'll break this deep
slate,
and I'll replace it with a bookshelf.
Like this. Okay. Now, I'll place the
sign.
There we go. Nathan is one of my
students that I practice speaking
English with.
For people that I practice speaking
English with, I've changed the
backgrounds
to bookshelves.
Bookshelves, bookshelves,
bookshelves. For now, I'll place
bookshelves here.
Students. If you would like to practice
speaking English with me,
you could book a call with me on Google
Meet or Tencent Meetings by clicking up
here. All right. It's night time.
Let's go back home. Oh, lots of
skeletons.
Charge.
Woah.
Look at this baby.
This baby zombie is wearing leather
armor.
That baby zombie's armor was too big for
it.
Let's go to sleep.
Let's get in bed and let's go to sleep.
Day 198.
I'm going to pick up these amethyst
blocks.
I want to build something special for
day 200.
I'm going to go under Oh, oh, no.
Woah.
Okay.
Do I have a bow? I do.
I'm going to shoot this creeper.
Die.
Okay.
Die, skeleton.
Okay. I'm going down my staircase. I'm
going underground to collect some more
blocks of amethyst. The amethysts have
grown.
On these amethysts,
I'm going to use my silk touch pickaxe.
Watch this.
Look.
So, instead of getting amethyst shards,
I got the amethyst cluster.
With the silk touch enchantment, you
pick up exactly the block that you mine.
I'll get some more.
And some more.
There are more amethysts this way.
Here, I'm going to mine these amethyst
blocks.
I'm mining a bunch of amethyst blocks.
There we go. Now, I have a full stack of
amethyst blocks.
Let's go back up.
And now, I'm going to look for a place
to build a little statue to celebrate
200 days.
Um
I'm going to get on my happy ghast.
Jump.
There we go. I got on my ghast. Let's
look for a place to build a little
statue.
I'm going to place torches all over this
island.
I want this whole island to be free of
monsters.
I'm going to place torches everywhere.
I think I'll build my 200 statue
over there.
Okay, let's go back down. During my last
live stream, I found and planted two new
kinds of trees.
I planted mangrove trees
and I planted a dark oak tree right
here.
Okay, I'll get off of the ghast.
I'm going to go inside and make a bunch
of torches.
All right, I made a ton of torches.
Let's go place torches all over the
island.
The sun's going down.
Torch.
Torch. Torch. Torch.
I'm placing torches everywhere.
Whoa.
The sand fell.
A dog. Do I have any bones? I do.
Do you want a bone, dog?
Come here. Oh,
I tamed the dog.
I tamed it.
Okay, come with me, dog.
Let's place some torches.
Torch.
I'm placing lots Oh.
There's a skeleton. Let's kill this
skeleton.
Die. Die.
And a spider.
Where's my dog?
Where's my dog? No. No.
Come here. Come here.
Come here, dog. No. No. No. No. No. No.
No.
No. No. No. No. No. No. Come on. My dog
was drowning underwater.
Come here, dog.
I have some rotten flesh for you. I'm
going to give my rotten flesh to the
dog. Oh, no.
Here you go, dog.
Eat. Eat. Eat.
Okay.
I think the dog has healed.
There's an enchanted bow.
I'll throw some seeds.
Uh just power one.
I'll keep on placing torches.
Torch.
Torch. Hello, sheep.
Woah.
I might run out of torches.
Wow.
I only have 21 torches left.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One and zero.
I have zero torches left.
Time to go back home. I'll eat some
steak.
And let's run.
I'm going to need a lot more torches.
Uh-oh. Creeper.
All right.
Inside and I'll go to sleep.
And I'll get a drink of water.
All right.
I hear zombies burning outside.
Die, zombie.
Woah.
That skeleton is riding on a spider.
Die.
That spider was really fast.
Creeper.
I'm going to shoot it.
Wait.
I should use this enchanted bow.
Die, creeper.
There we go.
I'll pick up the XP.
This dog can teleport.
I'm going to take this coal.
And I'm going to make more torches.
I'll re-equip my shield.
And I'll make some more sticks.
I'll make a bunch more torches.
I have almost two full stacks of
torches.
Over here, I'm going to make a little
statue of the number 200 to celebrate
our 200th day.
Today is day 199.
I'm going to pick up some of this dirt.
The number 200 is going to be floating
up here.
So, I'll get some dirt. And I'll start
building upward.
Maybe right here.
4 5 6 7 8 9 10 I went up 10 blocks.
And let's build the number 200 using
amethyst blocks.
Um
I need my happy ghast.
I'm going to jump off. Jump.
Let's get on the happy ghast. The happy
ghast makes it much easier to build in
the air.
Come here, happy ghast.
Jump.
All right, let's fly over to the statue.
I'm going to put away my shield.
There we go. Now I can see.
So, this is going to be a two.
Let me get some dirt.
Well,
it kind of looks like 200.
It looks like it says zoo.
I'll break the dirt.
I'm going to get off of my happy ghast.
Oh, no.
Die. Baby drowned.
Die. Die.
What is that?
Oh, it's a panda bear.
Okay, I'll break this dirt.
Oh, no. Another baby drowned.
Okay, I broke all the dirt. Now,
the 200 is floating. I'm running back
home
so I can sleep.
Open, close, sleep. Ah, there are
monsters close by.
Die, spider.
Now, I'll sleep.
All right, day 200.
Let's go over to our 200 statue.
Day 200.
I really don't like this. This looks
like zoo.
A zoo is a place where you go to see
animals.
I'm going to keep working on this.
Jump.
Okay.
I'm going to make it bigger.
I'll get my amethyst blocks.
Okay.
Let's see if this is better.
Oh, yeah. That's much better.
All right. I'll break these dirt blocks.
Break.
What?
Why is my dog up here?
No.
Sit.
Why is my dog up here?
I guess my dog is stuck up here now. I'm
going to make this look exactly like it
does right here.
And there's a little slash going through
the zero.
Like that?
Yeah, that looks right.
Now, just one more zero.
All right.
I think it's finished.
I'm going to turn around and let's look
at it.
200.
This looks much better.
Much better. And I'll improve this
statue in the future. But for now, I'm
going to go back home and start
expanding my house.
I'm going to fly home.
I'm going to fly down and I'll get off
of my guest and I'll eat some steak.
I'll place a sign
right here.
Day 200. Today is April 27th, 2026.
Yep.
There we go. Day 200. We've survived 200
days.
I'm going to pick up these amethyst
blocks that dropped.
All right.
Look at our dog.
Our dog is stuck up there.
All right, here we are back home. I'm
going to pick up some jungle wood, some
jungle logs.
Ooh.
I need more jungle logs. I'll take these
for now.
Uh, my inventory is full.
My inventory is full.
I'm going to put everything away in this
chest.
I'll re-equip my shield. There we go.
And I'll take my stone axe.
I'll break this wood.
And I'll replace it with jungle logs.
I'll turn all of these jungle logs into
planks.
There we go.
And I'll go outside.
And I'll build a wall right here, just
like this wall.
Here will be a window.
Okay, and I'll make a wall here.
And here.
This will be another room.
I need more jungle logs for the corners.
It's night time, so I'll go to sleep.
I hear a spider.
Where's the spider? Die.
Die, spider.
Let's go to sleep.
Sleep.
It's morning. Let's work on the house.
I'm going to climb up these vines to the
top of the tree.
I'll climb.
And I'll break this wood.
There we go. Now, I'm at the top of the
tree.
Now, I'll take my axe and I'll start
chopping down this huge tree. I'm going
I'm going lots of jungle logs.
It looks like there's a branch over
here.
I'll break this wood.
And this wood here.
There we go.
I'm going to chop down the whole tree.
And I think this is another branch.
I'll break this branch as well.
With my axe.
And back to the trunk. And
there we go. I chopped down the whole
tree.
I'll pick up all this wood.
And all these saplings.
I collected
nine saplings and a ton of jungle logs.
I'll place a log here.
And I'll place some logs in this corner.
There we go. I'm also going to build
another room over here.
The corner will be
here. 1 2 3.
And I'll build some wood walls.
So I've added one
two new rooms. I'll break all these
stairs. We don't need stairs here
anymore.
Now I'll get some cobblestone.
Cobblestone. I got three stacks of
cobblestone.
I'll use cobblestone to make the roof.
Dirt.
Okay.
I'll use cobblestone to make the roof.
Like oh, wait.
I need to put stairs above the chests so
I can open them.
I need some cobblestone stairs.
I'll make
14 cobblestone stairs.
Above the chests, I'll place stairs.
Like this.
Now I can still open the chest.
And here I'll place stairs as well.
I'll place stairs here
and
here.
Okay.
And
it's finished.
I finished the roof. Let's go inside.
Now we have a roof.
We finally have a roof.
I'll get my axe and I'll make a doorway
right here
into our new room.
And in here I'll place some torches.
Torch, torch, and I'll make another
doorway here.
And in here I'll place two torches.
Do I have a shovel? Yes. I'll take this
iron shovel
and I'll dig up the floor.
And I'll dig up the floor here.
Okay.
Whoa, no. Jeb escaped. I need to pick up
some wheat.
Here we go.
Let's go find Jeb.
Jeb.
Come back.
Come back, Jeb, inside the house.
Come on. Wait. Come this way.
Come this way, Jeb.
There we go.
I need to make glass. Do I have any
glass? Yes.
I'll place the glass here. There we go.
Now Jeb can't escape. I'll take my
cobblestone.
I'll replace the floor with cobblestone.
For now, I'm going to place a fence here
and the fence gate right here so I can
get through
but so Jeb can't.
I don't want Jeb to be able to come in
here
because here I'm going to make a
staircase up to the second floor. Let's
make more jungle planks and now I'll
make some jungle stairs.
I'm breaking the cobblestone on the roof
in this room so I can get up.
Now I'll take my stairs.
Let's see.
Like that.
Okay.
Oh, no.
Die, spider. Die.
A spider climbed over the wall.
I'll break this stair and I'll replace
it here.
Okay, I made a staircase.
A staircase up to the second floor.
Now I'll replace all this cobblestone.
There we go.
Now I have a staircase that takes me to
the second floor.
And I'll replace this floor with
cobblestone as well.
All right. And I think I'm going to end
this episode right here. If these videos
are being helpful to you, the best way
to support this channel is by going to
my Ko-fi page and making a donation
or
by going over to my shop
and buying some of my artwork. You can
check it out by clicking up here.
Like and subscribe and I will see you in
the next video.
See you.